ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
FINAL EPISODE
When I came back here,
I hid the car I drove near the temple.
We'll get out through this window
and leave in that car.
Okay.
Eun Chang-su will be flustered
when he finds out we're gone.
Don't slow us down out there, okay?
Let's hurry.
Mr. Lee! Ms. Pi!
He swore on his late son's honor,
but he fooled us again?
What about Gal?
Don't worry.
I'll expose it tonight at all cost.
Yes, you must
to stop Eun Chang-su from killing us.
But be careful.
Han-na, you too. Over and out.
What's the fuss about?
Mr. Kim is suspicious.
I heard him radio someone
in the records room.
What do you mean?
Radio?
"Eliminate the agents including Lim Soo-ho
and return with Moran Hill."
Are you sure?
Eliminate Lim Soo-ho?
And the others too?
Yes. I heard it clearly.
And I heard him order someone
to get a vehicle ready by the shrine.
Where is he?
I think he's trying to leave the dorm.
I saw him going down to the records room.
Where on earth did the old man go?
Gosh.
Dad?
Soo-ho!
Soo-ho, what are you doing?
Come out here now.